{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf190
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18780\viewh11580\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The python speed-reader only reads text files encoded in UTF-16. I use this app:\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/pdf-to-text/id432054682?mt=12"}}{\fldrslt https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/pdf-to-text/id432054682?mt=12}} to convert PDF to UTF-16 text docs.\
\
This version of the python speed-reader does not have a file browser (Tkinter is not working with my mac). \
\
The application is launched via the file in the build folder. You can place this file anywhere on you computer\
\
Please the desired text document to read alongside the speed-reader.py file. Please make sure there are no\
other copies of the speed-reader.py  on your computer. If you wish to read a different text document, \
remove all other text documents from the PySpeedReader folder.\
\
\
Open the program \
\
This is the Settings Window\
\
	Click load to load the document\
\
	Click save to save your current position. This version of python speed-reader only allows for 	one bookmark per text document. Clicking load will load last saved bookmark. \
\
	Clicking <=100 will move the reader go back 100 words.\
\
	The bottom edge of the window is a progress bar. You can jump around \
	the text document by clicking this bar.\
\
	Clicking the forth square to the right will reveal the readers true words per minute. This 	updates every 15 seconds. \
\
Go to the Reader Window by clicking anywhere else.\
\
	Press the arrow keys to control the readers speed\
\
	Press \'93p\'94  or use the arrows keys to set the readers speed to 0 words per minute. \
	This will allow the user to manually go to the next or previous word by press the \'93<\'93 or \'93>\'94 	key or by clicking left or right of the center letter.}